ec/edu/insta/movilgc1/databinding/ListaOfertasLaboralesBinding.java
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.databinding.ListaOfertasLaboralesBinding
ec/edu/insta/movilgc1/databinding/ActivityCurriculumVitaeBinding.java
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.databinding.ActivityCurriculumVitaeBinding
ec/edu/insta/movilgc1/databinding/ActivityLoginGeneralBinding.java
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.databinding.ActivityLoginGeneralBinding
ec/edu/insta/movilgc1/databinding/ActivityInicioBuscoEmpleoBinding.java
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.databinding.ActivityInicioBuscoEmpleoBinding
ec/edu/insta/movilgc1/databinding/ActivityRegistroPerfilEmpleadoBinding.java
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.databinding.ActivityRegistroPerfilEmpleadoBinding
ec/edu/insta/movilgc1/databinding/ActivityConsultarCurriculumBinding.java
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.databinding.ActivityConsultarCurriculumBinding
ec/edu/insta/movilgc1/databinding/ActivityDatosOfertasLaboralesBinding.java
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.databinding.ActivityDatosOfertasLaboralesBinding
ec/edu/insta/movilgc1/model/usuario/Usuario.java
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.model.usuario.Usuario
ec/edu/insta/movilgc1/databinding/ActivityRazonSocialBinding.java
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.databinding.ActivityRazonSocialBinding
ec/edu/insta/movilgc1/databinding/ActivityInicioAdminBusquedaBinding.java
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.databinding.ActivityInicioAdminBusquedaBinding
ec/edu/insta/movilgc1/BuildConfig.java
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.BuildConfig
ec/edu/insta/movilgc1/databinding/ListaRazonSocialBinding.java
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.databinding.ListaRazonSocialBinding
ec/edu/insta/movilgc1/databinding/ActivityAdminBusquedaBinding.java
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.databinding.ActivityAdminBusquedaBinding
ec/edu/insta/movilgc1/databinding/ListaPerfilEmpresaBinding.java
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.databinding.ListaPerfilEmpresaBinding
ec/edu/insta/movilgc1/model/CrudGeneric.java
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.model.CrudGeneric
ec/edu/insta/movilgc1/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
ec/edu/insta/movilgc1/databinding/ActivityDatosPerfilEmpresaBinding.java
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.databinding.ActivityDatosPerfilEmpresaBinding
ec/edu/insta/movilgc1/databinding/ActivityPerfilEmpresaBinding.java
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.databinding.ActivityPerfilEmpresaBinding
ec/edu/insta/movilgc1/databinding/ListaBusquedaEmpresaBinding.java
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.databinding.ListaBusquedaEmpresaBinding
ec/edu/insta/movilgc1/databinding/ActivityInicioCvBinding.java
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.databinding.ActivityInicioCvBinding
ec/edu/insta/movilgc1/databinding/ListaConsultarCurriculumBinding.java
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.databinding.ListaConsultarCurriculumBinding
ec/edu/insta/movilgc1/databinding/ActivityOfertasLaboralesBinding.java
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.databinding.ActivityOfertasLaboralesBinding
ec/edu/insta/movilgc1/databinding/ActivityRegistroEmpleadoBinding.java
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.databinding.ActivityRegistroEmpleadoBinding
ec/edu/insta/movilgc1/ui/MainActivity.java
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.ui.MainActivity
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.ui.MainActivity$1
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.ui.MainActivity$10
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.ui.MainActivity$2
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.ui.MainActivity$3
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.ui.MainActivity$4
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.ui.MainActivity$5
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.ui.MainActivity$6
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.ui.MainActivity$7
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.ui.MainActivity$8
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.ui.MainActivity$9
ec/edu/insta/movilgc1/ui/employe/InicioCV.java
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.ui.employe.InicioCV
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.ui.employe.InicioCV$1
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.ui.employe.InicioCV$2
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.ui.employe.InicioCV$3
ec/edu/insta/movilgc1/ui/LoginGeneral.java
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.ui.LoginGeneral
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.ui.LoginGeneral$1
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.ui.LoginGeneral$2
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.ui.LoginGeneral$3
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.ui.LoginGeneral$4
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.ui.LoginGeneral$5
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.ui.LoginGeneral$6
ec/edu/insta/movilgc1/adapter/ListaOfertasLaboralesAdapter.java
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.adapter.ListaOfertasLaboralesAdapter
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.adapter.ListaOfertasLaboralesAdapter$1
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.adapter.ListaOfertasLaboralesAdapter$ViewHolder
ec/edu/insta/movilgc1/model/ofertas/ModeloOferta.java
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.model.ofertas.ModeloOferta
ec/edu/insta/movilgc1/ui/admin/AdminBusqueda.java
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.ui.admin.AdminBusqueda
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.ui.admin.AdminBusqueda$1
ec/edu/insta/movilgc1/model/empresa/ModeloEmpresa.java
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.model.empresa.ModeloEmpresa
ec/edu/insta/movilgc1/adapter/ListaRazonSocialAdapter.java
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.adapter.ListaRazonSocialAdapter
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.adapter.ListaRazonSocialAdapter$1
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.adapter.ListaRazonSocialAdapter$ViewHolder
ec/edu/insta/movilgc1/ui/employe/DatosOfertasLaborales.java
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.ui.employe.DatosOfertasLaborales
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.ui.employe.DatosOfertasLaborales$1
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.ui.employe.DatosOfertasLaborales$1$1
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.ui.employe.DatosOfertasLaborales$1$1$1
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.ui.employe.DatosOfertasLaborales$1$2
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.ui.employe.DatosOfertasLaborales$2
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.ui.employe.DatosOfertasLaborales$3
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.ui.employe.DatosOfertasLaborales$3$1
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.ui.employe.DatosOfertasLaborales$3$2
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.ui.employe.DatosOfertasLaborales$4
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.ui.employe.DatosOfertasLaborales$5
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.ui.employe.DatosOfertasLaborales$6
ec/edu/insta/movilgc1/ui/admin/InicioAdminBusqueda.java
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.ui.admin.InicioAdminBusqueda
ec/edu/insta/movilgc1/model/estudiante/ModeloEstudiante.java
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.model.estudiante.ModeloEstudiante
ec/edu/insta/movilgc1/ui/admin/DatosPerfilEmpresa.java
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.ui.admin.DatosPerfilEmpresa
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.ui.admin.DatosPerfilEmpresa$1
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.ui.admin.DatosPerfilEmpresa$2
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.ui.admin.DatosPerfilEmpresa$3
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.ui.admin.DatosPerfilEmpresa$4
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.ui.admin.DatosPerfilEmpresa$5
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.ui.admin.DatosPerfilEmpresa$6
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.ui.admin.DatosPerfilEmpresa$6$1
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.ui.admin.DatosPerfilEmpresa$6$2
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.ui.admin.DatosPerfilEmpresa$7
ec/edu/insta/movilgc1/adapter/ListaPerfilEmpresaAdapter.java
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.adapter.ListaPerfilEmpresaAdapter
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.adapter.ListaPerfilEmpresaAdapter$1
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.adapter.ListaPerfilEmpresaAdapter$ViewHolder
ec/edu/insta/movilgc1/model/estudiante/Estudiante.java
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.model.estudiante.Estudiante
ec/edu/insta/movilgc1/adapter/ListaConsultarCurriculumAdapter.java
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.adapter.ListaConsultarCurriculumAdapter
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.adapter.ListaConsultarCurriculumAdapter$1
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.adapter.ListaConsultarCurriculumAdapter$ViewHolder
ec/edu/insta/movilgc1/ui/employe/InicioBuscoEmpleo.java
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.ui.employe.InicioBuscoEmpleo
ec/edu/insta/movilgc1/adapter/ListaBusquedaEmpresaAdapter.java
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.adapter.ListaBusquedaEmpresaAdapter
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.adapter.ListaBusquedaEmpresaAdapter$ViewHolder
ec/edu/insta/movilgc1/model/usuario/ModeloUsuario.java
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.model.usuario.ModeloUsuario
ec/edu/insta/movilgc1/ui/admin/CurriculumVitae.java
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.ui.admin.CurriculumVitae
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.ui.admin.CurriculumVitae$1
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.ui.admin.CurriculumVitae$2
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.ui.admin.CurriculumVitae$3
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.ui.admin.CurriculumVitae$4
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.ui.admin.CurriculumVitae$5
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.ui.admin.CurriculumVitae$6
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.ui.admin.CurriculumVitae$6$1
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.ui.admin.CurriculumVitae$6$2
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.ui.admin.CurriculumVitae$7
ec/edu/insta/movilgc1/ui/admin/ConsultarCurriculum.java
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.ui.admin.ConsultarCurriculum
ec/edu/insta/movilgc1/ui/admin/PerfilEmpresa.java
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.ui.admin.PerfilEmpresa
ec/edu/insta/movilgc1/model/ofertas/Oferta.java
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.model.ofertas.Oferta
ec/edu/insta/movilgc1/model/empresa/Empresa.java
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.model.empresa.Empresa
ec/edu/insta/movilgc1/ui/admin/RazonSocial.java
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.ui.admin.RazonSocial
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.ui.admin.RazonSocial$1
ec/edu/insta/movilgc1/ui/employe/OfertasLaborales.java
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.ui.employe.OfertasLaborales
ec/edu/insta/movilgc1/dbtemp/SQLiteOpenHelper.java
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.dbtemp.SQLiteOpenHelper
ec/edu/insta/movilgc1/model/razonsocial/RazonSocialC.java
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.model.razonsocial.RazonSocialC
ec/edu/insta/movilgc1/ui/RegistroPerfilEmpleado.java
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.ui.RegistroPerfilEmpleado
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.ui.RegistroPerfilEmpleado$1
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.ui.RegistroPerfilEmpleado$2
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.ui.RegistroPerfilEmpleado$3
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.ui.RegistroPerfilEmpleado$4
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.ui.RegistroPerfilEmpleado$5
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.ui.RegistroPerfilEmpleado$6
ec/edu/insta/movilgc1/ui/RegistroEmpleado.java
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.ui.RegistroEmpleado
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.ui.RegistroEmpleado$1
 ec.edu.insta.movilgc1.ui.RegistroEmpleado$2
